Nice ass. 
Damn, those some good legs.
You seem somewhat competent.
Did you fall from heaven, because your face is fucked up!
Damn, are you the Tower of Babel, because you are stacked in defiance of god and I cannot speak coherently when you go down.
Would you be interested in a piece of cheese?
Your eyes are like two shining trash can lids. They sparkle like rusted metal.
Are you edible because your hair looks like spagehtti.
I've seen worse views than you.
You rock them apple bottoms jeans and those boots with the fur.
You look about as straight as a roundabout.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're like a solid 6. Maybe a 6.5 if I'm being generous.
Hey babe, if I could rearrange the alphabet u and i would be having sex in my car.
Are you an angel? Because I have an erection.
There's a sale in my room. All clothes are 100% off!
I put the STD in stud. All I need is u.
Wanna get drunk and make some bad decisions?
Are you retarded? I could just tell you were special.
Are you a professional drawing utencil, used specifically for line art, because you're ultra fine.
You got a phone in your pocket, because your booty is calling me.
Are you my bluetooth earpods, because I think I'm getting a conncection but its not particularly stable.
If you were sin^2 x, and I cos^2 x, together we'd be 1.
I'm an astronomy enthusiast, so would you mind if I studied Uranus.
Are you a low-level mob in an MMO, because I'm about to grind you to dust.
Excuse me, I'm your Amazon delivery guy. I've got this huge package for you. I also got your parcel.
I watch porn for the plot. And you look like you've got a story.
My face, your ass, what's the distance?
I'd drown my entire family in the kitchen sink to get three seconds with you.
Now you are someone I would cheat on my significant other for.
Damn, you sure do exist.
You are certainly an person.
I bet your bathwater tastes of bathwater.
What would I do without your smart mouth? Drawing me in and you kicking me out. You've got my head spinning, no kidding. I can't pin you down. What's goin' on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride. And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me. But I'll be alright. My head's under water, but I'm breathing fine. You're crazy and I'm out of my mind. 'Cause all of me loves all of you. Love your curves and all your edges. All your perfect imperfections. Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning. Even when I lose, I'm winning. 'Cause I give you all of me. And you give me all of you, oh-oh.
You give me the urge to do something that would get us both on the news.
Have you considered kissing some fellers, because I bet you could start making some serious facking money.
Ooh ar! Alright there, my love? 
I got a brand new combine harvester and I'll give you the key if you give me all those acres of your land.
You want twins? Triplets? Quadruplets? I'm built for speed! 
Are you poisonous, because the taste on your lips makes me throw up.
Damn, are you overweight or are you just large?
